Egypt is fighting..... and our army is fighting
we are Pharaohs... and we have a lot of pharaohs
Pharaohs of the era ...
(Ahmad Pharaoh, Pharaoh, Haidar and Samson)
and whoever is Pharaoh.
Can we tell our army to get some rest?
We have heroes,  they say .....
(Live on the struggle)
Nor our heroes are (cartoon heroes) !!!?
Just enough our hero (Samson).
The first time I had this strong, when I was very young
I was holding the coin ...
How old were you?
I was in the first grade of middle school
When did you find out you had this paranormal?
It could be about 13 or 14 years old
But my mom says I was born with it
She was asking me to go buy bread or something.
She gave me coins (Metal)
and I'm on my way, The coins were bending over
and I come back to home again crying
Just, then it's started to evolving with me,
Then slowly (little by little) I started to lift cars, and pull cars
and to the end, thank's God, It was pulling a plane.
Then, I want to know… To get you to pull a plane or pull Lori's car
So, there are stages you've been through.
I want an explanation for this paranormal.
By God, I have sat down with Sheikh Sharawi (may God bless his soul)
and we explained it as a gift from God almighty, It's not power.
It's a gift, not a power, the strong is God alone.
there are people who say these are other things that are absent, there are people who say you're using elves on this subject….
He's got 30 horsepower...
He's blowing up mountains and carrying tons...
and don't tell me it's a magic sheet or saffron ink
*(red ink used by witches to write the magic spell)
Is this the power of man or is it the power of a demon?
you breaking the concrete!!!
you are not the Prophet David ...
and you're definitely not Tarzan
The media are promoting their shows
Like the curlew
Nor Pharaoh ...
His story isn't like any.
Anatomy written about his body in medicine (folders and novel)
He can drag trains
He can fold the screw
and his body doesn't even burn with fire
and you don't know how to cut off one piece of his body by saw
Super powers are better than any weapons of mass destruction.
Allah, Allah, Allah, Allah, Allah,
What's that beauty?
Look, look at the other one.
Look at Pharaoh
ahh, no no no no
what is this ??
How long have you been doing this?
Since childhood.
- I found out my strength in a car accident.
- How ???
I was walking on a highway.
I found a car that was come very fast in U-Turn
and the car hit me strongly
To the point where the car crashed and the glass is broken.
Everyone said I was dead.
And exactly two minutes later.
I took off my clothes and found nothing.
After that, I found out something was unusual.
- You're so strong...
- It's true, because the car crashed.
and nothing happened to me
Nor Haidar … Lion of the Arabs
his story like (Tale and Song)
We don't hear about one of them,  have been accepted by the Guinness Book of World Records or Not even fighting the infidels
By the way this is not poetry or even kidding I am talking seriously
and don't ask me for an explanation.
Like we saw in the report.
Haj Haidar Abu Shadid is a miracle man.
Of course what we saw in the report and what we will still see in this meeting
Now he's going to show us how big the superstuff he's doing
I was sitting with my sister in (Talibiya) those days
I caught a needle by accident, and I was taking my teeth with it, and it was broken
the small needle
Once again, my tooth was hurting, so I pressed a coin, and after I pressed it, I found it bent.
I applied to it with my teeth
But right now, I don't have any teeth anymore.
And I was going to make my orthodontics, but after I knew I was going to come here, and I really love you
I said to myself to keep Dr. Amr Laithi who will see everything without any teeth on the gums only
- on the gums only.
- there's no one at all.
After you started this journey,
Tell me how you started jumping from the fifth floor, pulling cars and eating raw meat.
I can pull two of (mini truck)
Turkey on the border ... and our army is there.
so Why is our army losing one soldier?
and we have (lions)
If you see pharaoh's show, sleeping on broken glass, Iron becomes Flexible
you think that he's (Van Damme)
and the sledgehammer breaks on the pavement stone on his body
Nothing can break his body... so ,
Do you know why (Louis IX) ran away from Mansoura? (Governorate in Egypt)
Tell me why we're losing a soldier,
and these people are in the picture (here)!
This may be a fact.... either this is a legend
Or a charade
Or we can even call them famous cartoon characters
(Spider, Super and Bat "Man")
These are just names and titles …
Each one of them goes out and says (words for nothing)
On the border with Libya.... We can't find them anywhere.
We don't find them valuable.
We don't know.... This is a song, a show, or a new part of movie for Iron Man.
Is it true? Or is it crazy....
I am honestly upset
I don't know/ I mean I know
I know this is just a show.... They chew the iron!!!!
Oh, people, yahooooo....
*Yahoo = An Egyptian word of Turkish origin (used to draw attention) It means "look, people."
Do you know if there are evaluation committees?
and putting everyone in the right place
Only the talented one will show up on the roof, not a generalization
not just anyone who offers any sterile content
Not the charlatans with a demon
Believe me at least
There would be (criminalization)
It's only missing to appear someone who claims to be resurrecting the dead.
(revive the bones when they have rotted away)
There's been a mix-up of concepts.
But we see them in the criminals are excellent
and they get the rights of the people sometimes
because of the public opinion
and the police investigation
*Letter "ceen س" Is an abbreviation for the word "question"
And the letter "geem ج" is an abbreviation for the word "answer" abbreviations in Egyptian Arabic
They are delusional to broadcast themselves
There's an old Egyptian saying:
.... (Reputation, Not Rich)
To be famous or to be rich? Whichever
Why all this?
we did not need to have all of this
We're in an unenviable position
The concrete man who's eating cement in his hands.
and The geological man who folds iron and eaten glass .. God has willed it
In short.
We have an integrated construction company ....
concrete, iron and glass (full building)
We're going to talk seriously, not for courtesy?
Aircraft, bullets and weapons of mass destruction
but is it a strong house or a house of straw?
If I wanted to add a line in the poem
(it will be" a house of straw")
I mean they are not useful in buildings or useful in defense .....
until the honor is (straw)
Even the Guinness Book of World Records that has heroes, you didn't registered in it
So what, so what ?.... it's all straw?
So you are useless and exist
Is it all just intimidation?
Recently, videos have spread.
For people who have said they have superpowers.
Or God made them live with extraordinary power.
what's new about it is that some programs hosted someone
He said he had a superpower that enabled him not to drill his body with (electric drill)
Drill Bits it self not harm, it's to just drill the concert wall
it's made only for the concert , look...
- so you mean it will not hurts any human body ?
- no, the other one for Blacksmith
he stretched his skin, in the area you can put it to just roll it
let's begin with the name of Allah
i put it now and look
which hurms, it is the other one for the Blacksmith
i will make you try in my hand
Captin, you have your own character, and you have swords, like Ninja
you told me, it is not the drill trick so, with the rocket also ?
the fire it self with the distance it will be cold
so there is no one have a super natural power ?
no, it is just show
- to be honest with you, it hurms a lot
- yes, i'm agree with you but not a super hero man
and when they eating a Razor blade
it all just a show, no thing more than that
Break the blade of the ring under the tongue and then it becomes a small piece and does not affect
it is considered like paper
Then hide it under the tongue and show you that I swallowed it, but it's under the tongue.
acting like they chewing it but it is under the tongue
and also , when they putting the glass on the eyes, they just closing them eye
When they lie under the rock, the glass doesn't hurt.
The beating is all on the stone, not on the person.
do you have any advise for the people who watching us ?
They're fooled by these people who claim to have superpower.
I swear I wish the Egyptians would have superpowers, and being the best
but make it clear to people that this is just a show, and all of the is a big lie
and when you tell people it's just an offer, they accuse you of being a hater.
show your power but, make it clear that's all just a show
And say it's your livelihood, but don't fool the Egyptians and say it's a superpower.
In all my videos I don't like personalization or sarcasm on people.
All I want to say is that the presentation of the content being reasonable
not just filling the content in (brochure)
It must be a community-beneficial content
and it's not just a show.
We're tired.
and advice.
Not everyone who claims to call himself Pharaoh is pharaoh
You've lost even the word
(meaning and content)
bye-bye